README.md, before:

Cem's Dotfiles
==============

These are the dotfiles I use on all of my machines, I
try to keep them them distro agnostic as much as possible.
They work on my OpenRC Gentoo machine as well, even though
I don't use it as my main machine.


Contents
--------

 * Scripts in .local/bin
 * shell rc and .profile files
 * configuration files for
   * calcurse
   * dunst
   * lf
   * mpd
   * neovim
   * qutebrowser
   * rofi


Installation on Arch and derivatives
------------------------------------

These can be installed on Arch and derivatives using

  sh -c "$(curl -L cemkeylan.com/carbs)"

Please see 
https://git.ckyln.com/carbs/file/README.html 
or
https://github.com/cemkeylan/carbs
for more info


See also
--------

dmenu:    https://git.ckyln.com/dmenu/log.html    - https://github.com/cemkeylan/dmenu

dwm:      https://git.ckyln.com/dwm/log.html      - https://github.com/cemkeylan/dwm-carbs

slstatus: https://git.ckyln.com/slstatus/log.html - https://github.com/cemkeylan/slstatus

st:       https://git.ckyln.com/st/log.html       - https://github.com/cemkeylan/st

bm:       https://git.ckyln.com/bm/log.html       - https://github.com/cemkeylan/bm

Commit message:

add void linux to readme

README.md, after:

Cem's Dotfiles
==============

These are the dotfiles I use on all of my machines, I
try to keep them them distro agnostic as much as possible.
They work on my OpenRC Gentoo machine as well, even though
I don't use it as my main machine.


Contents
--------

 * Scripts in .local/bin
 * shell rc and .profile files
 * configuration files for
   * calcurse
   * dunst
   * lf
   * mpd
   * neovim
   * qutebrowser
   * rofi


Installation on Arch and derivatives
------------------------------------

These can be installed on Arch and derivatives using

  sh -c "$(curl -L cemkeylan.com/carbs)"

Please see 
https://git.ckyln.com/carbs/file/README.html 
or
https://github.com/cemkeylan/carbs
for more info


Installation on Void Linux
--------------------------

These can be installed on Void Linux using

  sh -c "$(curl -L cemkeylan.com/vcarbs)"


See also
--------

dmenu:    https://git.ckyln.com/dmenu/log.html    - https://github.com/cemkeylan/dmenu

dwm:      https://git.ckyln.com/dwm/log.html      - https://github.com/cemkeylan/dwm-carbs

slstatus: https://git.ckyln.com/slstatus/log.html - https://github.com/cemkeylan/slstatus

st:       https://git.ckyln.com/st/log.html       - https://github.com/cemkeylan/st

bm:       https://git.ckyln.com/bm/log.html       - https://github.com/cemkeylan/bm
